### Bringing HM Together

In our grade, there are large divisions between different friend groups. This is a problem because it discourages people from getting to know others that they could easily make friends with and would likely get along well with. This is evident in my FoTW observation of the library: people from different friend groups will sit in different areas, and people will often section themselves off from others by sitting in the small rooms off to the side of the main area. I find that I will often talk to those outside of my friends who are in some of my classes, but really won't try to branch out to people I don't really know in other contexts. I know that many others feel the same way. During our FoTW in the library, we observed conversations between people talking about their teachers and what they were learning in each of their classes. I think a way that we could try to encourage people that don't know each other to meet is through a grade-wide, or even school-wide, tutoring program. This would encourage people to build relationships with others, to text or call outside of school, and just serves as a good way for people to get to know each other. This relates to the theme of fostering community engagement because it not only helps students get to know each other better, but allows them to help each other to improve at school more generally. Such a program exists with high school kids tutoring middle division kids, and this program is very successful. Also, this program would help solve the problem that it can be very difficult to get help with classes sometimes. I know that my and many other juniors' and seniors' schedules are jammed packed, and finding time to meet with teachers for an adequate amount of time in the couple days before a test or quiz can be difficult, or even downright impossible. This would allow students to help others in subjects that they are stronger and get help in subjects they are weaker, generally helping others to become better at their weaker subjects. 
